## Node.js üçün endirilmə qaydası
Rəsmi Node.js vebsəhifəsində Node.js üçün endirilmə qaydaları qeyd olunub: <a href="https://nodejs.org" target="_blank">Endirmək üçün klikləyin</a>

## İlk anlayışlar
Kompüterinizə Node.js endirib qurlaşdırdıqdan sonra veb brauzerdə "Salam Dünya" yazısını çap edək:

"ilkFayl.js" adlı Node.js faylını yaradıb daxilinə bu kodları yazaq:

```js
var http = require('http');

http.createServer(function (req, res) {
  res.writeHead(200, {'Content-Type': 'text/html'});
  res.end('Hello World!');
}).listen(8080);
```

Və bu faylı kompüterinizdə ya iş nasasında ya da öz seçdiyiniz fayl daxilində saxlayın. 

The code tells the computer to write "Hello World!" if anyone (e.g. a web browser) tries to access your computer on port 8080.

For now, you do not have to understand the code. It will be explained later.

Command Line Interface
Node.js files must be initiated in the "Command Line Interface" program of your computer.

How to open the command line interface on your computer depends on the operating system. For Windows users, press the start button and look for "Command Prompt", or simply write "cmd" in the search field.

Navigate to the folder that contains the file "myfirst.js", the command line interface window should look something like this:

C:\Users\Your Name>_
Initiate the Node.js File
The file you have just created must be initiated by Node.js before any action can take place.

Start your command line interface, write node myfirst.js and hit enter:

Initiate "myfirst.js":

C:\Users\Your Name>node myfirst.js
Now, your computer works as a server!

If anyone tries to access your computer on port 8080, they will get a "Hello World!" message in return!

Start your internet browser, and type in the address: http://localhost:8080

